- I feel like this is the most sincere
interview we've done this whole junket,
don't you think?
- We kept it for Vogue.
- Hi Vogue, I am Elizabeth.
- I'm Miles.
- And I'm Callum, and today
we're gonna play a game of-
- [Group] Off the Cuff.
- [Elizabeth] Round one, icebreakers.
- No, no,
no, I thought you were gonna
do the other intro for us?
Before you did that one?
- What are you talking about?
- You just jumped to icebreakers.
- [Elizabeth] What are you talking about?
- Don't worry.
- What's the last song you listened to?
[Callum singing]
- Whatever that song is,
'cause Callum's been singing it nonstop.
- I think the last song-
- It is "Mi Gente" by J Balvin.
- It sounds like "The
White Lotus" song to me.
- Mine is, "I Know" By Dionne Farris.
- How's it go?
- Don't worry about it.
- What is an interesting
fact you learned recently?
- You're more likely to get bitten
by a New Yorker than a shark consistently.
[Miles laughing]
- I learned people that dig
the tunnels in New York,
they're referred to as sand hogs,
and it's a very dangerous job.
- What did you have for dinner last night?
- Whatever they served us
at our premiere dinner.
- That was really good.
- A lot of things, there was
so many different things.
- It was like Mediterranean infusion.
- [Elizabeth] Had some
falafal, had some vegetables-
- I had a chicken shawarma
taco that was delicious.
- [Elizabeth] Paella.
- I went to the corner store.
I had steak, and I had Caesar salad.
- [Elizabeth] Corner store?
- And a cupatini.
- What's your favorite word?
- Fuck.
- That's a good one.
Hmm, sticky.
That's a genre-
- Sticky is your favorite word?
- That's a genre early call.
- It's like, I learned more
about you in that response than-
- That is a John Early call out.
- Than you wanna know.
- Dosa.
- Dosa is not my favorite word.
I've been teaching Miles
some English things
and Dosa was one of them.
- And I think I'm finally
starting to get a handle on it.
- Let's hear it.
- Dosa.
- Yeah.
- Bloody dosa.
- Do it.
- Dosa.
- [Miles] Yeah.
- There you go.
So someone Dosas around,
you know it doesn't really do much.
- Yeah, but someone you admire,
I think that's why he
always calls me a dosser.
- What's the sound you hate?
And I already know the answer.
- Knocking, I hate the sound of knocking.
I just, it feels like so authoritarian.
It makes me feel like a
kid and I'm in trouble,
and that I have, I just
hate the sound of knocking.
- There's a way to also be like.
[Elizabeth knocking on chair]
- That's a friendly knock.
- Ugh. I guess when
people are coming over-
- They just slide notes underneath.
- I see them outside of the door.
- [Callum] I know you mean
on the trailer, like you're-
- You see them outside the
door? What does that mean?
- They can see-
- I have a window next to my door.
So I like open it for them.
- I like the idea of you
waiting by the window.
- Me and my mom.
- Always, me too.
- For friends to come over. [laughs]
- Me and my dog.
- Be like-
- "Hi, it's open."
- Hey guys.
A sound I hate equal measure,
one I love and I hate,
is a childhood memory of
being in the supermarket
and wandering away from my mom
and my mom going, "Callum?"
I, oh my God, like I'm so embarrassed
that my mom would call my
name in the supermarket.
But also I love it because it's my mom.
- Sweet answer.
- What's the sound you love?
- I love the Sound of Rain.
- I love the sound of a fan.
I have to sleep with a fan.
- The hum.
- It sounds so needy.
- A fan?
- A fan, no knocking. [laughs]
- It's a $6 box fan.
I don't think I'm the first
person to sleep with a fan.
- I like the hum of a football stadium.
You know when you're
walking towards a stadium.
- Oh, sounds like a nightmare.
- I was gonna say like
the bus before a concert.
- [Elizabeth] That sounds like a horror.
- Yeah, there's a real energy there.
- [Miles] Round two, getting personal.
- [Elizabeth] Getting personal.
- We are really in sync.
- [laughs] Sorry, I almost
got you in the eye there.
- That's okay.
- I really don't, of course.
I'm not trying to hurt you.
If you could be the best at
one thing, what would that be?
- Guitar.
- The best at it?
- Yeah.
- Wow.
I don't know if I wanna
be the best at anything.
Then where do you go from there?
- Well, I was gonna say cooking,
but then what does that mean?
Do you then become like one of those?
- [Elizabeth] What do you mean?
- Like highbrow, you know the plates,
there's nothing on the plate.
There's no food, there's like a leaf.
- I want to be the best
at drawing a straight line
'cause there's nothing you can do with it,
and it wouldn't drive me crazy maybe.
- Or a perfect circle.
- Yeah, those would be
kind of fun skills to have.
Like a party trick.
- If you weren't an actor,
what would you do for work?
- I would've been a plumber.
My mom, that was what she wanted me to do.
- I think I'd like to do
some sort of interior design.
- Oh like, I dunno, something with music.
That would be great.
- Do you remember your first audition?
- Yeah, as an adult I do.
- What was it?
- It was for Gary Hines to understudy
Kerry Condan in "Cripple of Inashman."
- The first professional was,
I think "Sorcerer's Apprentice."
But those college auditions
really stick out to me.
And you're just sitting in the room,
everybody's like mouthing
their monologue and stuff.
You're like-
- Did you go to drama school?
- Yeah, we both did, we both went to NYU.
- We went the same, yeah, and John Early.
- But we didn't know each other.
- I was one year older.
- You were in John's year.
- Was I?
- Well, he was in the year before me.
- [Miles] 2009.
- I was attention seeking.
- What's your question?
- That's a great watch Callum.
Cal, that's a great watch.
- Thanks.
- Yeah, you can only watch one movie
for the rest of your life, what is it?
- I hate this question
because it just turned
something you love into
something that's like horrible.
- A nightmare.
- [Miles] Yes.
- Well, I mean, I basically
watched a combination
of "Waiting for Guffman"
and "The First Wives Club"
for the majority of my
childhood every night
before going to bed.
- "Sandlot," I've seen "Sandlot" a ton.
- Yeah, that's a good one.
- I love "Sandlot."
- I don't know man, I'm just
going Adam Sandler here.
I'm gonna go-
- [Miles] Keep it light.
- Billy Gilmore?
- "Happy Gilmore."
If you could go back in time
and relive a moment of your
life, what would that be?
- Meeting my wife.
- Cute, how did you meet?
- We just met at a bar.
We were both at the same like,
it was like a black keys
party during Grammy's week.
- Were you set up?
- No, no.
- Oh.
- You literally just ran into each other?
- Yeah.
- Did you hit on her?
- Of course, but I didn't
think it went very well.
And so then I kind of went outside
to just hang out with my buddy
and then I saw her come
outside and like, look for me.
I said, "Oh man, I'm back, back in."
- Back from the dead.
- [Miles] Yeah.
[Elizabeth sneezing]
- Bless you.
Attention seeking.
- I think it'd be
something from childhood.
I think I'd kind of love to
be back in like my little
52-person class and make our history music
or musical that we would make.
- I am torn between a few things.
- Chelsea win.
- Yeah.
And Chelsea won the Champions league.
And all my friends, we were all together.
It was such a beautiful moment
and it had taken such a
long time for us to do it.
And it was pure joy.
- [Elizabeth] Round three.
- [Miles] Round three.
- [Elizabeth] Eternity.
- [Miles] Eternity.
- What's the first thing you'd say
if you ended up in heaven?
- Thank God.
- I would say, "Oh, you do exist."
- I'd say, "What a relief, this is great."
What's the first thing you'd
say if you ended up in hell?
- I'd say, "Oh, you do exist."
- God, fuck.
- God damn. [laughs]
- [Miles] God damnit.
You must've got something wrong.
- Yeah, what did I do?
- I swear to God.
- Does the concept of
eternity scare or excite you?
- Excites me.
- It confuses me deeply.
- I mean, definitely the idea
of living on in an over existence
with the people you love
and getting to continue this excites me.
- If there is an eternity.
[train whistle blowing]
- I love that sound, I love-
- Gotta love New York City, baby.
- That's that's an American
sound, we don't get-
- No, but the sirens
in Europe are so weird.
- They're different, that's
a different frequency.
- They always sound like
the battery's dying.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah, normally they are.
Budget cuts.
- If there is an eternity, who
do you hope to spend it with?
- Do it.
- Kelly.
- If I were to like do
a non-romantic partner,
I would say my mother's mother
who I never got to meet.
- What's something unexpected you did
to prepare for this role?
- I died and then I came back.
- I was about to say tap dancing.
- I just naturally was
spending a lot of time
with my grandparents.
They were staying with
me for a couple weeks
right before I went to film.
So I thought that was a
perfect way to kind of
get transitioned into this.
- What's a line you couldn't
get right during filming?
- There was a lot of holding
back the laughter behind camera
and letting the other
person do their thing.
- Devine's the best at holding laughter.
- She's the one making us.
- Well, she's also not
Amused by any of us.
- John's really good as well.
What is your favorite
moment from the film?
- The Dean Martin lookalike sequence.
- [Miles] That was fun.
- I think it's just unbelievably funny.
- I loved watching everything
you guys shot together.
I thought that was from like
getting drunk at the bar
to then physically fighting.
I guess would be the reverse of that.
I really enjoyed watching
you guys do that.
- What drew you to playing the character?
- Well, I always wanted to
play a 90-year-old woman
who knows if we actually get there?
So it was really fun
to get to play a 90-year-old
woman in this body.
- Yeah, I just really loved
kind of shining a light on,
you know, we described it
as kind of an ordinary love,
but a couple, you know has
been together 60, you know,
something years and the audience
to see them when they
were at their happiest
and didn't have any aches and pains
and just felt good about themselves.
I just really loved that.
- I loved tapping into the Gary Cooper
matinee idol of it all and
getting to watch those films
and playing someone
that's stuck in a world
as an undiscovered person
in himself. I liked that.
- What was your favorite look from the
I liked my red dress.
- Well I also liked that dress.
- Thanks.
- When I tried it on.
No, I liked my, I liked that jacket.
It's, David said it was very much kind of
from "The Graduate."
I liked well-placed pockets.
[Elizabeth laughing]
- Well placed pocket
will change your life.
- I like my gray suit that went on-
- That one looked good.
Have you ever kept a piece
clothing from one of your films?
- I saw a man who's maybe
like 78 or something
wear a shirt in the junction in our film,
and I asked if I could have
that shirt and I love it.
It's very soft, great pattern.
Miles is really taking every
pair of Uggs off of set.
- Oh yeah, yeah, Miles loves Uggs.
- You just have a closet filled with Uggs.
- I do tell production, they're like,
"Oh, do you want anything comfortable?"
I'm like, "Oh yeah, you know,
maybe like a pair of Uggs."
Comfy leave.
- Comfy go.
- That's it.
- [Producer] Are we talking
slippers? Like what?
- Boot.
[Callum laughing]
- Yeah, I always get excited and think,
'cause you live in the
outfit for six weeks
or 10 months or whatever it is.
- Six weeks or 10 months.
- No, because you're doing
a TV show or whatever,
and I think, "Oh yeah, I
really want that piece."
And then I finish the film and I think,
"Ah, I'm never gonna buy it."
- No, yeah.
- But what I did when I
was doing "Du Monsieur"
there was these two armchairs,
these brown leather armchairs.
- Oh, that's nice.
- [Elizabeth] Yeah, I've
taken pieces of art.
I have lots of pieces of art from sets.
- Yeah, your art's good.
- [Elizabeth] They also do auctions often
at the end of sets.
- I didn't steal two armchairs.
- My mom actually bought my
overalls from "Footloose"
off an auction.
- What's your ghost outfit?
What does that mean?
- Like if I die, what am I wearing?
Jeans and a vintage dead T-shirt.
- I have these black crane linen pants
and they're just ripping
apart at every seam.
And so I would like those to be fixed
and I'd like to wear those every day.
I'd like to wear an oversized
beige, bro Cashmere top,
and I'd like my Velcro
sandals that feel like clouds.
- I'm going full cashmere
tracksuit hoodie.
- Those are similar.
- I'm a comfortable ghost.
Lightning round.
- [Elizabeth] Lightning round.
What's this from?
- Advertisement for a wedding.
- I think you wore it at our premiere.
- No.
- You wore it.
- Oh, I wore that, okay.
- You wore it at a Vanity Fair party.
- Crazy shit went down.
And what about this one?
- That's Miles's shirt in a movie.
No, it's, I feel like I've
seen you in that shirt.
- Oh, yeah.
- Yeah, dude, it's not "Whiplash"
- It's not "Eternity?"
Is it not "Eternity?"
- [Callum] Is it not "Whiplash?"
- No. I think I'm in a
white shirt in "Whiplash."
- "Spectacular?"
- [Miles] I don't know this, show me.
- It's "Whiplash."
- Cute.
- What the heck is that?
That's not even me. Let me see it.
- Oh, it's from-
- Oh, you're so young.
- How old were you in that movie?
- So young.
- 21?
Bromance World or sitcom world?
- Sitcom World.
- Yeah, baby.
- Relive your past or see into the future?
Relive your past.
- Future.
- Relive my past.
- Uncertainty or certainty? Uncertainty.
- Uncertainty.
- Yeah. Never Or forever?
- Forever.
- Well, it depends.
- Lightning.
- Forever.
- Think fast.
Now or later?
- Now.
Yeah.
- [Elizabeth] And later.
- Yeah.
- From this moment? [laughs]
- Later, because the anticipation to me
is like one of the best parts.
- Yeah.
- Light or dark?
- Dark.
- Yeah.
- Day or night.
- I hate overhead lighting.
- Day.
- Night, night going into to day.
Yes or no?
Yes.
- Yes.
Thanks for having us, Vouge.
- Thank you.
- It was authentic.
It was the real moment.
[upbeat music]